Edits Multisig and Pure Proxy Pages (#5268)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-account-multisig.md

  adding and removing signatories or adjusting the threshold is now possible without creating new
  multisigs and Multix provides an intuitive interface to work with pure proxies.

> The pure proxy setup used by MutiX can be seen on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pure proxy setup used by [MultiX](https://github.com/ChainSafe/Multix) can be seen on the
```
